THEY HAVE A LOT TO LEARN. I THINK THAT’S SAFE TO SAY, SOME
I THINK THAT’S SAFE TO SAY, SOME OF THESE FRESHMEN.
OF THESE FRESHMEN. >> NOW TO THIS, YAY JUPITER,
>> NOW TO THIS, YAY JUPITER, FLORIDA.
FLORIDA. A ENTREPRENEUR TO FOUNDED
A ENTREPRENEUR TO FOUNDED MASSAGE PARLORS.
MASSAGE PARLORS. 25-YEAR-OLD LEE YANG HAS OFFERED
25-YEAR-OLD LEE YANG HAS OFFERED TO SELL ACCESS TO THE PRESIDENT
TO SELL ACCESS TO THE PRESIDENT AND HIS FAMILY AT MAR-A-LAGO.
AND HIS FAMILY AT MAR-A-LAGO. YANG FOUNDED THEIR COMPANY IN
YANG FOUNDED THEIR COMPANY IN 2017.
2017. IT’S DESCRIBED ONLINE AS AN
IT’S DESCRIBED ONLINE AS AN INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS CONSULTING FIRM THAT PROVIDES
CONSULTING FIRM THAT PROVIDES PUBLIC RELATIONS SERVICES TO
PUBLIC RELATIONS SERVICES TO ASSIST BUSINESSES IN AMERICA TO
ASSIST BUSINESSES IN AMERICA TO ESTABLISH AND EXPAND THEIR BRAND
ESTABLISH AND EXPAND THEIR BRAND IMAGE IN THE MODERN CHINESE
IMAGE IN THE MODERN CHINESE MARKETPLACE.
MARKETPLACE. THE COMPANY NOTES THAT ITS
THE COMPANY NOTES THAT ITS SERVICES ALSO ADDRESS CLIENTS
SERVICES ALSO ADDRESS CLIENTS LOOKING TO MAKE HIGH-LEVEL
LOOKING TO MAKE HIGH-LEVEL CONNECTIONS IN THE U.S.
CONNECTIONS IN THE U.S. ONE PAGE OF THE WEB SITE DISPLAY
ONE PAGE OF THE WEB SITE DISPLAY AS PHOTO OF MAR-A-LAGO AND
AS PHOTO OF MAR-A-LAGO AND CLAIMS AKCTIVITIES FOR CLIENTS
CLAIMS AKCTIVITIES FOR CLIENTS HAVE PROVIDED THEM OPPORTUNITIES
HAVE PROVIDED THEM OPPORTUNITIES TO MEET WITH THE PRESIDENT AND
TO MEET WITH THE PRESIDENT AND OTHER POLITICAL FINGERS.
OTHER POLITICAL FINGERS. THE PRZCOMPANY BOASTS IT HAS
THE PRZCOMPANY BOASTS IT HAS ARRANGED TAKING PHOTOGRAPHS WITH
ARRANGED TAKING PHOTOGRAPHS WITH THE PRESIDENT AND CAN SET UP A
THE PRESIDENT AND CAN SET UP A WHITE HOUSE AND CAPITOL DINNER.
WHITE HOUSE AND CAPITOL DINNER. THE MIAMI "HERALD" BROKE THE
THE MIAMI "HERALD" BROKE THE STORY, THE WEB SITE FOR YANG’S
STORY, THE WEB SITE FOR YANG’S CONSULTING FARM STOPPED
CONSULTING FARM STOPPED FUNCTIONING.
FUNCTIONING. LEE YANG NO LONGER OWNS THE
LEE YANG NO LONGER OWNS THE MASSAGE PARLOR CONNECTED TO
MASSAGE PARLOR CONNECTED TO ROBERT KRAUFLTFT’S ARREST.
ROBERT KRAUFLTFT’S ARREST. >> YOU HAVE PEOPLE LIKE JAMES
>> YOU HAVE PEOPLE LIKE JAMES FELLOWS AND OWE RETHER RESPECTED
FELLOWS AND OWE RETHER RESPECTED VOICES SAY THIS SORT OF ISSUE IS
VOICES SAY THIS SORT OF ISSUE IS VERY TROUBLING.
VERY TROUBLING. AND THE ACCESS TO DONALD TRUMP,
AND THE ACCESS TO DONALD TRUMP, THE ACCESS TO THE CHINESE
THE ACCESS TO THE CHINESE GOVERNMENT, ALL A BIT TOO TIGHT
GOVERNMENT, ALL A BIT TOO TIGHT FOR COMFORT.
FOR COMFORT. >> LOOK, THERE’S NO QUESTION,
>> LOOK, THERE’S NO QUESTION, FIRST OF ALL, THAT POLITICS A
FIRST OF ALL, THAT POLITICS A RATHER ECLECTIC, UNSAVORY, STAR
RATHER ECLECTIC, UNSAVORY, STAR WARS BAR KIND OF CROWD.
WARS BAR KIND OF CROWD. PEOPLE WANT TO GET CLOSE TO
PEOPLE WANT TO GET CLOSE TO POWER AND BE IN THERE.
POWER AND BE IN THERE. WE’VE ALL SEEN IN MY MANY YEARS
WE’VE ALL SEEN IN MY MANY YEARS OF FUND-RAISING A LOT OF
OF FUND-RAISING A LOT OF CHARACTERS YOU WISH WEREN’T
CHARACTERS YOU WISH WEREN’T THERE.
THERE. I CAN’T SAY I’VE COME ACROSS OR
I CAN’T SAY I’VE COME ACROSS OR COME NEAR OR EVEN HEARD OF ANY
COME NEAR OR EVEN HEARD OF ANY LYING THIS WHERE
LYING THIS WHERE LIKE THIS FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH A
LIKE THIS FOR ENGAGEMENT WITH A FOREIGN POLICY THAT WE’RE NOT
FOREIGN POLICY THAT WE’RE NOT EVEN ON GOOD TERMS WITH AT THE
EVEN ON GOOD TERMS WITH AT THE MOMENT.
MOMENT. IT’S HARD TO TELL FROM THE PIECE
IT’S HARD TO TELL FROM THE PIECE WHAT SHE MIGHT OR MIGHT NOT HAVE
WHAT SHE MIGHT OR MIGHT NOT HAVE DONE VIS-A-VIS CHINA.
DONE VIS-A-VIS CHINA. IT SEEMS SHE HAS SOME CONNECTION
IT SEEMS SHE HAS SOME CONNECTION TO CHINA, WHETHER IT’S GOING TO
TO CHINA, WHETHER IT’S GOING TO EVENTS AND REPORTING BACK TO
EVENTS AND REPORTING BACK TO PEOPLE IN CHINA YOU NEVER KNOW.
PEOPLE IN CHINA YOU NEVER KNOW. IT’S ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF TRUMP
IT’S ANOTHER EXAMPLE OF TRUMP SOMEHOW SURROUNDING HIMSELF WITH
SOMEHOW SURROUNDING HIMSELF WITH SOME OF THE MOSTIN INUNSAVORY
SOME OF THE MOSTIN INUNSAVORY CHARACTERS OUT THERE.
CHARACTERS OUT THERE. >> NEWS BREAKING THIS WEEKEND
>> NEWS BREAKING THIS WEEKEND PRESIDENT XI GETTING CONCERNED
PRESIDENT XI GETTING CONCERNED ABOUT A SUMMIT IN FLORIDA.
ABOUT A SUMMIT IN FLORIDA. HE DOESN’T WANT TO FLY ALL THE
HE DOESN’T WANT TO FLY ALL THE WAY TO FLORIDA TO BE EMBARRASSED
WAY TO FLORIDA TO BE EMBARRASSED BY THE PRESIDENT PULLING UP
BY THE PRESIDENT PULLING UP STAKES AND BRINGING THE SUMMIT
STAKES AND BRINGING THE SUMMIT TO THE END.
TO THE END. CERTAINLY VERY UNDERSTANDABLE,
CERTAINLY VERY UNDERSTANDABLE, JUST LIKE IT WAS VERY
JUST LIKE IT WAS VERY UNDERSTANDABLE THAT DONALD TRUMP
UNDERSTANDABLE THAT DONALD TRUMP WALKED AWAY IN HANOI.
WALKED AWAY IN HANOI. >> EVERYTHING’S CONNECTED.
>> EVERYTHING’S CONNECTED. IT OBVIOUSLY CAUSED PROBLEMS FOR
IT OBVIOUSLY CAUSED PROBLEMS FOR KIM JONG UN, AND IT’S LINKED TO
KIM JONG UN, AND IT’S LINKED TO THE RECONSTITUTION OF THIS
THE RECONSTITUTION OF THIS MISSILE TESTING SITE IN NORTH
MISSILE TESTING SITE IN NORTH KOREA.
KOREA. IN THE CASE OF THE CHINESE,
IN THE CASE OF THE CHINESE, THOUGH, THIS IS A GOVERNMENT
THOUGH, THIS IS A GOVERNMENT THAT’S ALREADY FEELING PRESSURE.
THAT’S ALREADY FEELING PRESSURE. THE ECONOMY IS SLOWING
THE ECONOMY IS SLOWING SIGNIFICANTLY, PROBABLY FAR MORE
SIGNIFICANTLY, PROBABLY FAR MORE THAN THE OFFICIAL STATISTICS
THAN THE OFFICIAL STATISTICS SUGGEST.
SUGGEST. THESE TRADE TALKS ARE DIFFICULT
THESE TRADE TALKS ARE DIFFICULT ENOUGH ON THEIR MERITS.
ENOUGH ON THEIR MERITS. FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH, IT’S NOT
FOR WHAT IT’S WORTH, IT’S NOT THE WORST THING THAT A FOREIGN
THE WORST THING THAT A FOREIGN LEADER WOULD SAY WE’RE NOT GOING
LEADER WOULD SAY WE’RE NOT GOING TO HAVE A SUMMIT UNLESS IT’S
TO HAVE A SUMMIT UNLESS IT’S TOTALLY WIRED.
TOTALLY WIRED. THAT SHOULD BE OUR POSITION AS
THAT SHOULD BE OUR POSITION AS WELL.
WELL. NEITHER SIDE WOULD BEEN FIT FOR
NEITHER SIDE WOULD BEEN FIT FOR COMING TOGETHER AND HAVING, IF
COMING TOGETHER AND HAVING, IF YOU WILL, A REPRISE OF THE NORTH
YOU WILL, A REPRISE OF THE NORTH KOREA EXAMPLE.
KOREA EXAMPLE. WHAT WE DO IN SYRIA AND WHAT WE
WHAT WE DO IN SYRIA AND WHAT WE DO IN HANOI, EVERYTHING HAS
DO IN HANOI, EVERYTHING HAS IMPLICATIONS FOR EVERYTHING
IMPLICATIONS FOR EVERYTHING ELSE.
ELSE. >> I WOULD SUGGEST THAT THE
>> I WOULD SUGGEST THAT THE PRESIDENT AGAIN WALKING AWAY
PRESIDENT AGAIN WALKING AWAY FROM THE TABLE IN VIETNAM WAS
FROM THE TABLE IN VIETNAM WAS PROBABLY A GOOD SIGNAL TO SEND
PROBABLY A GOOD SIGNAL TO SEND NOT ON TO THE NORTH KOREANS AND
NOT ON TO THE NORTH KOREANS AND TO THE CHINESE BUT EVERYBODY
TO THE CHINESE BUT EVERYBODY ELSE ACROSS THE GLOBE BECAUSE
ELSE ACROSS THE GLOBE BECAUSE HE’S GOT I DON’T KNOW THETEN THE
HE’S GOT I DON’T KNOW THETEN THE HE NOT, THAT HE’S AN EASY
HE NOT, THAT HE’S AN EASY TARGET.
TARGET. YOU JUST FLATTER HIM, HE’LL GIVE
YOU JUST FLATTER HIM, HE’LL GIVE YOU WHAT YOU WANT.
YOU WHAT YOU WANT. THIS ACTUALLY MAY HAVE BEEN A
THIS ACTUALLY MAY HAVE BEEN A GOOD PUSH BACK.
GOOD PUSH BACK. AT THE SAME TIME WE’RE HEARING
AT THE SAME TIME WE’RE HEARING HE IS GOING TO LEAVE SOME TROOPS
HE IS GOING TO LEAVE SOME TROOPS IN SYRIA.
IN SYRIA. >> I THOUGHT IT WAS GOOD HE
>> I THOUGHT IT WAS GOOD HE WALKED AWAY FROM AN AGREEMENT HE
WALKED AWAY FROM AN AGREEMENT HE THOUGHT WAS INADEQUATE BUT IN A
THOUGHT WAS INADEQUATE BUT IN A STRATEGIC SENSE, WE NEVER SHOULD
STRATEGIC SENSE, WE NEVER SHOULD HAVE GOTTEN TO THAT POINT.
HAVE GOTTEN TO THAT POINT. WE NEVER SHOULD HAVE ALLOWED
WE NEVER SHOULD HAVE ALLOWED THIS SUMMIT TO TAKE PLACE WITH
THIS SUMMIT TO TAKE PLACE WITH THIS DEGREE OF GAP BETWEEN OUR
THIS DEGREE OF GAP BETWEEN OUR SIDE AND THE NORTH KOREANS WHERE
SIDE AND THE NORTH KOREANS WHERE THE UNITED STATES WERE STILL
THE UNITED STATES WERE STILL INSISTING ON A POSITIONS WERE
INSISTING ON A POSITIONS WERE NEVER GOING TO BE REALIZED.
NEVER GOING TO BE REALIZED. WHY THE TWO SIDES ARE SO FAR
WHY THE TWO SIDES ARE SO FAR APART IS BEYOND ME.
APART IS BEYOND ME. THERE’S FUNDAMENTAL QUESTIONS
THERE’S FUNDAMENTAL QUESTIONS NOW GIVEN WHAT NORTH KOREA SEEMS
NOW GIVEN WHAT NORTH KOREA SEEMS TO BE DOING ABOUT WHAT IT IS WE
TO BE DOING ABOUT WHAT IT IS WE WOULD DO IN RESPONSE, WHAT IS IT
WOULD DO IN RESPONSE, WHAT IS IT WE ARE PREPARED TO ACCEPT IF WE
WE ARE PREPARED TO ACCEPT IF WE CAN’T GET WHAT WE SAY WE NEED,
CAN’T GET WHAT WE SAY WE NEED, WHICH IS DENUCLEARIZATION.
WHICH IS DENUCLEARIZATION. I THINK AFTER TWO YEARS OUR
I THINK AFTER TWO YEARS OUR NORTH KOREA POLICY IS MEETING A
NORTH KOREA POLICY IS MEETING A TRULY DECISIVE MOMENT.
TRULY DECISIVE MOMENT. >> YEAH.
>> YEAH. MIKA, I WANT TO TAKE JUST A
MIKA, I WANT TO TAKE JUST A MOMENT HERE OF PERSONAL
MOMENT HERE OF PERSONAL PRIVILEGE JUST TO THANK
PRIVILEGE JUST TO THANK EVERYBODY IN PENSACOLA, FLORIDA.
EVERYBODY IN PENSACOLA, FLORIDA. WE HAD -- WE SAID GOOD-BYE TO MY
WE HAD -- WE SAID GOOD-BYE TO MY MOM THIS PAST WEEKEND AT MY
MOM THIS PAST WEEKEND AT MY HOME, FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH IN
HOME, FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH IN PENSACOLA.
PENSACOLA. AND WE WANT TO THANK BARRY
AND WE WANT TO THANK BARRY HOWARD, WHO IS SUCH A GREAT
HOWARD, WHO IS SUCH A GREAT FRIEND AND GREAT PASTOR FOR MY
FRIEND AND GREAT PASTOR FOR MY PARENTS FOR SO LONG AND THE NEW
PARENTS FOR SO LONG AND THE NEW PASTOR THERE, DAVE SNYDER
PASTOR THERE, DAVE SNYDER INVITED US IN, APRIL LOUD USLLOW
INVITED US IN, APRIL LOUD USLLOW THE CHURCH WITH OPEN ARMS.
THE CHURCH WITH OPEN ARMS. ALL OF MOM’S AND DAD AS FRIENDS
ALL OF MOM’S AND DAD AS FRIENDS WERE THERE AND IT WAS GREAT TO
WERE THERE AND IT WAS GREAT TO SEE JUST EVERYBODY THAT MEANT SO
SEE JUST EVERYBODY THAT MEANT SO MUCH TO MY PARENTS.
MUCH TO MY PARENTS. SO MUCH THANKS TO THEM.
SO MUCH THANKS TO THEM. AND IT WAS GREAT SEEING A LOT OF
AND IT WAS GREAT SEEING A LOT OF RELATIVES I HAVEN’T SOON IN A
RELATIVES I HAVEN’T SOON IN A LONG TIME.
LONG TIME. >> IT WAS LOVELY.
>> IT WAS LOVELY. YOU DID A GREAT JOB.
YOU DID A GREAT JOB. STILL AHEAD ON "MORNING JOE,"
STILL AHEAD ON "MORNING JOE," HE’S QUITE A HOUSEHOLD NAME.
HE’S QUITE A HOUSEHOLD NAME. THE SOUTH BEND MAYOR JUST TOOK A
THE SOUTH BEND MAYOR JUST TOOK A BIG STEP IN INTRODUCING HIMSELF
BIG STEP IN INTRODUCING HIMSELF TO AMERICAN VOTERS.
TO AMERICAN VOTERS. WE’LL EXPLAIN THAT AHEAD.
WE’LL EXPLAIN THAT AHEAD. A LOT OF 2020 NEWS NEXT ON
A LOT OF 2020 NEWS NEXT ON "MORNING JOE."
"MORNING JOE." >> I’M IN A DIFFERENT POSITION
>> I’M IN A DIFFERENT POSITION IN THE OTHER CANDIDATES BECAUSE
IN THE OTHER CANDIDATES BECAUSE I’M THE ONE CANDIDATE I DON’T
I’M THE ONE CANDIDATE I DON’T WANT ANY OF YOUR MONEY.
WANT ANY OF YOUR MONEY. I WANT YOUR SUPPORT BUT I DON’T
I WANT YOUR SUPPORT BUT I DON’T WANT YOUR MONEY.
WANT YOUR MONEY. AGAIN, I DON’T WANT YOUR MONEY
AGAIN, I DON’T WANT YOUR MONEY BECAUSE THEREFORE -- YOU STILL
BECAUSE THEREFORE -- YOU STILL PLI WANT
PLI WANT STUPIDLY WANT TO GIVE ME MONEY.
STUPIDLY WANT TO GIVE ME MONEY. I DON’T WANT YOUR MONEY.
I DON’T WANT YOUR MONEY. >> DO YOU WANT TO RENEGOTIATE
>> DO YOU WANT TO RENEGOTIATE DEALS?
DEALS? SOME OF US RENEGOTIATE DEALS.
SOME OF US RENEGOTIATE DEALS. IS THERE ANYBODY WHO DOESN’T
IS THERE ANYBODY WHO DOESN’T RENEGOTIATE DEALS?
RENEGOTIATE DEALS? I WANT TO -- THIS ROOM --
I WANT TO -- THIS ROOM -- PERHAPS MORE THAN ANY ROOM I’VE